NAME
    Pod::Minicpandoc - perldoc that works for modules you don't have
    installed

SYNOPSIS
        mcpandoc File::Find
            -- shows the documentation of your installed File::Find

        mcpandoc Acme::BadExample
            -- works even if you don't have Acme::BadExample installed!

        mcpandoc -v '$?'
            -- passes everything through to regular perldoc

        mcpandoc -m Acme::BadExample | grep system
            -- options are respected even if the module was scraped

        vim `mcpandoc -l Web::Scraper`
            -- getting the idea yet?

        mcpandoc http://darkpan.org/Eval::WithLexicals::AndGlobals
            -- URLs work too!

DESCRIPTION
    "mcpandoc" is a perl script that acts like "perldoc" except that if it
    would have bailed out with "No documentation found for
    "Uninstalled::Module"", it will instead consult your minicpan, or scrape
    a CPAN index for the module's documentation if that doesn't work. It is
    a fork of cpandoc, with added support for consulting a minicpan.

    One important feature of "mcpandoc" is that it *only* scrapes the live
    index if you do not have the module installed and if it cannot grab it
    from your minicpan. So if you use "mcpandoc" on a module you already
    have installed, then it will just read the already-installed
    documentation. This means that the version of the documentation matches
    up with the version of the code you have. As a fringe benefit,
    "mcpandoc" will be fast for modules you've installed. :)

    All this means that you should be able to drop in "mcpandoc" in place of
    "perldoc" and have everything keep working.

    If you set the environment variable "MCPANDOC_FETCH" to a true value,
    then we will print a message to STDERR telling you that "mcpandoc" is
    going to make a request against the live CPAN index.

SEE ALSO
    Pod::Cpandoc, CPAN::Mini

AUTHOR
    Shawn M Moore "sartak@gmail.com" (original implementation) Rob Hoelz
    "rob@hoelz.ro" (minicpan support)

THANKS
    Many thanks to Shawn M Moore, for writing Pod::Cpandoc and giving me
    something base this on!

COPYRIGHT
    Copyright 2011 Robert Hoelz.

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the same terms as Perl itself.

